Congrats on finishing the course of
the complete intro to product management.
There's a lot of talking.
This was a very interesting course for
me to teach,
because it is what I have been doing for
the past five years.
I've been less involved in
the day-to-day coding aspect of my job.
I still code a lot in my own time and, as
part of writing demos and stuff like that,
but less so in terms of like
shipping code on a day--t-o-day,
but this has been
an awesome course to teach.
It went really well, I was very surprised
about like I was worried that this would
go too fast or too slow or something like
that, but I'm pretty happy about it.
But I wanna restate here this
is a very Brian Holt take, and
my take very much was formed at
Microsoft Stripe and Snowflake.
Don't get me wrong,
that's actually a really wide breadth.
They all pm very differently.
Like you'll see a lot more Snowflake
Google relatedness like those kinds of
cultures more marry each other.
Microsoft is very much its own culture,
and Stripe borrowed a lot from Facebook,
right?
So, like, they're all kind of all
over the place, which I've enjoyed.
Like I've enjoyed all the various
different aspects about it, and
I can tell you the pros and
cons of every one of them.
Just so you know, I did consult
quite a few PMs on this course, so
it is at least been looked at by
PMs from different Stripes and
Stripes that was not intentional, but
it actually is literally true, it has been
looked at by Stripes to make sure I wasn't
too far off base from anyone's experience.
And I did incorporate a bunch
of that feedback so, yeah,
some of this advice is the opposite
of what you should do, and
you'll find that out
quickly when you do it.
But I wanted you to be exposed and
it's sometimes it's just
good to hear something.
So, no I don't wanna do that, right?
And actually have that moment of
intention to do something different.
But your experience is gonna vary.
This is a very many ways to do
this job correctly kinda thing and
should match sorta your expectations and
your experience to get there.
But I promise you, I truly did my best.
I worked harder on this course than I have
on a course in a long time just because it
is really important to me,
and I wanted to get it right.
So, hopefully, you enjoyed it, hopefully,
you learned a bit about being a PM.
I, hopefully, some of you I convinced
to be a PM, and also equally,
I hope I convinced some of
you to never be a PM, right?
Both of those are extremely valid
outcomes from this course, and
I hope that exposure kind of
helped you set you on your way.
If I made you more confused,
I don't know what to tell you.
I find that confusing.
So in any case,
I think all of these skills will
make you better in office environments.
Generally tech, cuz that's my exposure,
but I think this could be useful in banks,
health care, anywhere that you have sort
of interpersonal, relationships where
you're trying to push projects forward
I think all this kind of applies.
So, hope you enjoyed the class.
Best of luck in your journey to
either towards product management or
running away as fast as you can.
And yeah, if you enjoyed it,
let me know on on the Twitter spheres or
anything like that, but
yeah, thanks so much.
Thanks for attending.
>> [APPLAUSE]